README.md, before:

# VCSV

<p align="center">
  <img src="images_README/vcsvlogo.png" width="570">
</p>

VCSV is a Java library that helps analyze data in CSV files along with the <a href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/vstats/" target="_blank">VStats</a> statistics library. 

<br>

<center><a href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/vcsv/" target="_blank">Download VCSV JAR</a></center>

<br>

## Importing into Projects 

Instructions on how to install & import VCSV into Java projects are available <a target="_blank" href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/misc_instructions/howtoimportjavalibrary.html">here</a>. 


## How to use VCSV? 

As mentioned above, this library is meant to be used with VStats. With VCSV, users can easily convert data into arrays, which can then be inputted into VStats functions. 

All the methods in VCSV are <samp>static</samp>, so they can be called without creating VCSV objects. This works similar to the Java Math library. 

## Documentation 

Java documentation for VCSV is available <a target="_blank" href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/vcsv/VCSVHTML/VCSV.html">here</a>. 

## Version History

### v1.0
- RELEASE

## License 

The VCSV library is protected by the <a href="https://github.com/CaptMD-11/VCSV/blob/master/LICENSE.txt" target="_blank">GNU GPL</a> license.

Commit message:

added vcsvlocal and vcsvweb v1.1 libraries

README.md, after:

# VCSV

<p align="center">
  <img src="images_README/vcsvlogo.png" width="570">
</p>

VCSV is a Java library that helps analyze data in CSV files along with the <a href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/vstats/" target="_blank">VStats</a> statistics library. 

<br>

<center><a href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/vcsv/" target="_blank">Download VCSV JAR</a></center>

<br>

## Importing into Projects 

Instructions on how to install & import VCSV into Java projects are available <a target="_blank" href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/misc_instructions/howtoimportjavalibrary.html">here</a>. 


## How to use VCSV? 

As mentioned above, this library is meant to be used with VStats. With VCSV, users can easily convert data into arrays, which can then be inputted into VStats functions. 

There are 2 editions of VCSV: VCSVLocal and VCSVWeb. VCSVLocal is meant for analyzing CSV files where the user has a local copy of them on their machine. VCSVWeb is meant for analyzing CSV files that are located on the web. 

All the methods in both VCSV libraries are <samp>static</samp>, so they can be called without creating VCSV objects. This works similar to the Java Math library. 

## Documentation 

Java documentation for VCSV is available <a target="_blank" href="https://captmd-11.github.io/blog/vcsv/VCSVHTML/VCSV.html">here</a>. 

## Version History

### v1.1
- created 2 editions of VCSV: VCSVLocal and VCSVWeb
- added <samp>getColumnOfStrings</samp> methods to both classes

### v1.0
- RELEASE

## License 

The VCSV library is protected by the <a href="https://github.com/CaptMD-11/VCSV/blob/master/LICENSE.txt" target="_blank">GNU GPL</a> license.
